need some quarter-twenty wingnuts in a
pinch now these wing nuts here were made
on a CNC machine order 20 what if you
don't have a CNC machine well we can
make something almost as good I'll start
with a piece of stock half inch by three
corridor and I'll cut off about an inch
and a quarter or an inch and we'll go
from there
cut off an inch and a quarter next I'll
mark the center and then we'll draw it
over to 1364 is drill and the drill
press and I'll drill a hole straight
through
next thing we'll do is tap the hole I've
got a quarter twenty tap and we'll run
it through make sure it's centered the
best we can
this is a pointed tap so it'll kind of
center itself as it runs through
it's through now so we'll back it off
got a nice thread in there
and we could use it just like it is but
I'll touch it up a little bit on the
sand or make it look more like a wingnut
all right now I've put a slight angle
here on the bottom rounded off the
corners and we'll give it a try
there is wingnut are you be surprised at
how much how tight you could tighten
these in fact I don't know if I can
strip that out or not alright that's
pretty tight and it's not even all the
way through so there you go that's a
quickie makeshift wingnut thank you I
hope you like it and please subscribe to
my youtube channel